---
title: General coding dojo information
created_at: 2012-07-24
kind: article
event_date: 2012-07-24
place: Budapest
---

## Background

Greatness comes from practice. No matter if someone is a musician, a professional athlete or a carpenter.
In order to stay on the top, constant practice is needed. The same applies to software developers.

If you think that everyday work is enough, ask yourself the following questions:

* How many lines of code did you write during the last two weeks?
* Was it something new or just monkeywork?

## Ways to practice

You might try to solve Coding Katas alone, however it's almost always better to solve problems with others. Solving Coding Katas
in a group is called a Coding Dojo.

[This short review](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gav9fLVkZQc) should be enough to find out whether you want to join or not.

## Rules to keep in mind

* Have fun.
* Do not criticize people just ideas.
* Learn as much as you can.
* Passive participation is NOT allowed.
* You have to write code.
* You have to pair program.
* You have to use TDD.

## Rules from retrospectives

* Non pair programmers are allowed to talk only if they possess the token.
* Offtopic discussion is allowed only during the breaks.
* Pay attention to pair programming.
* Use short iterations: 10 mins
* Longer explanations are allowed between pair shifts.
* Dojos are going to be timeboxed. ( 3 hours )

If you can live with these rules don't hesitate to join us. Every dojo event will be communicated through a new post.
The posts will include the following information:

* Date of the event.
* Suggested katas.
* Programming language.
* Contact information.

